New Star Middle School 
First Folk Customs Festival
Friday, 20 Sept. 
9 a.m.   Opening remarks
10 a.m. Reading hours
— Folk customs around the world
— Importance of folk customs
1 p.m.  Exhibition stands
A. Folk costumes
B. Folk art	
C. Folk eating customs
D. Folk dances
4 p.m.  Writing competition
— My folk custom experiences

Welcome to our very first Folk Customs Festival. Have you ever experienced different traditional customs before? Well, we have some here for you today. Would you like to hear about them?
In Britain, people traditionally have afternoon tea. This happens around four o’clock. In tea rooms people will eat little sandwiches and cakes while drinking tea. It’s a good way to mix with others. Would you like to try it? Well, you don’t need to wait until the late afternoon. 
Folk costumes also differ around the world. In the past, men in Germany 
wore short leather trousers and women a blouse and full skirt. These days they usually just wear them for traditional festivals, but today some of our students are wearing them. Do you want to try on the costumes? 
At three p.m. you can see a traditional haka from New Zealand. The Māori people used this as a war dance, but it’s now a way of greeting. Don’t you think that’s interesting? 
Also, please check our clay pot from Mexico. This folk work is made up of thousands of colourful little glasses and it takes many hours to complete. Would you like to buy one?
There are also many other folk customs to see and experience. I hope you have a great time.


Yiming: Gorden! I have a perfect idea for our folk customs project!
Gorden: What is it? I’m all ears!
Yiming: Why don’t we do “Chun Jie”? Have you heard of it before? 
Gorden: I guess so. That’s Chinese New Year. It marks the beginning 
of the lunar new year and the start of spring.
Yiming: Gorden! I have a perfect idea for our folk customs project!
Gorden: What is it? I’m all ears!
Yiming: Why don’t we do “Chun Jie”? Have you heard of it before? 
Gorden: I guess so. That’s Chinese New Year. It marks the beginning 
of the lunar new year and the start of spring.
Yiming: Yes, we have a big dinner with family and set off fireworks. 
Gorden: I have no idea about the customs, but they sound very exciting! 
Yiming: You’re from Greece. How do you celebrate the beginning of the year there?
Gorden: People throw clay pots with water out of their windows to wash away bad luck.
Yiming: Our customs are so different!  
Gorden: I guess many different places have their own traditions for the same thing.
Yiming: Yes, I am sure that’s what makes each place so special!

Summer: Midsummer Day
Area: Some European countries
Date: 24th June
Customs: Setting campfires /Dancing around midsummer pole
Meaning: To mark the change of the seasons

Autumn: Oktoberfest
Area: Munich, Germany
Date: From the third weekend of September to the first Sunday in October
Customs: Drinking beer/Eating German sausages/Wearing traditional costumes/Dancing
Meaning: To celebrate autumn harvest

It is clear that folk customs are very important because they exist in every country. There are three reasons for the importance of folk customs: They explain identity, they pass on history and they unite the world. 
Firstly, folk customs help explain identity because they connect us back to our roots. Even if we don’t practise folk customs ourselves, we can identify them and relate to them. They influence who we are and how we see the world. We celebrate special festivals and other important days in ways that relate back to our ancestors. For example, the Spring Festival is celebrated across China. Although many of the traditions have changed, there is still the same focus on family and friends. 
The second key point is that history must be valued and folk customs help achieve this. Today’s society is built on yesterday’s society. In other words, folk customs are the bridge between the past and the present. In addition, they teach us about ways of the past. We are reminded that we can learn from history. 
Finally, folk customs help to unite people around the world. When we practise folk customs, we show others something about ourselves and our culture. Harmony is encouraged in this way. As people from different backgrounds learn about each other, society becomes stronger.
To conclude, folk customs give us a strong connection to ourselves, our history and each other.

Anna: Coffee is a very popular drink today.
Peter: Sure it is. But do you know how coffee (1) is made?
Anna: No, could you tell me something about it? 
Peter: Well, the process starts in hot countries. Most 
coffee farms _are located_ in South America or 
Africa. Coffee plants _are planted_____ in big fields or on 
hills. The beans _are picked___ by hand when they are 
ripe. In a factory, the beans __are baked___ until they 
are dark brown. Then coffee beans __are dried__ before they __are put__ into 
jars. The coffee is now ready to _be sold__ in shops.
Anna: I can’t wait to make myself a cup of coffee!

Today, many Chinese folk arts made by hand are dying out. Last weekend when I was walking in the park, I was attracted by an old man painting with sugar. With a spoon and hot sugar, the aged artist sat at a table and produced many patterns representing animals and Chinese characters. But I was told that it would possibly disappear very soon because fewer young people have time and patience to learn the skill.
Back from this trip, I feel so worried about the situation of folk sugar painting. Just like many other folk arts, sugar painting is to disappear if we don’t seek ways to save it.

Interesting folk events around the world
The Burryman Day, Scotland
The Burryman ceremony takes place on the second Friday of August. It’s 
a tradition in the town of South Queensferry①. On the day, a local man is covered in sticky plants and walks a seven-mile route through the town. It’s been held for so long but no one knows why it is held now. Some say the burryman is a symbol of growing well.

The Battle of the Oranges, Italy
The Battle of the Oranges is Italy’s largest food fight. It remembers a citizens’ fight against the town’s rulers nearly a thousand years ago. It takes place each year from Sunday to Tuesday, at the end of the Ivrea② Carnival. Nine teams represent the people against the rulers and throw oranges at each other.  

Fruit Feast for Monkeys, Thailand
Every November thousands of local long-tailed monkeys enjoy a big meal of fruit in Lopburi③ province. The monkeys live around the temple in Lopburi and the feast is now a big tourist attraction to attract tourists worldwide. The lucky creatures get to eat two tons of food and the tourists help the town’s economy.

